Yue, you misunderstood
It is Sanbao Gu's appearance that provides the antidote
Sanbao's appearance has an antidote
How amazing is your own daughter?
Don't you know?
I really didn't know Sanbao had this ability
It seems that my medical skills have been passed on
What do you think the poison is actually cured?
Don't hurt yourself, Xiaoxiao
Have you had enough trouble?
If it weren't for you provoking his Lennan
And Lin Xinyue
It cost me half my life
If you kill me, you will be responsible for me
I don't care. I have to travel far away.
I want to marry Li Nanjun
You can't control you, can you?
Mom, my kidneys hurt
I don't seem to be in good health.
What do you intend to do?
It hurts
Please don't do anything about Lin Xinyue.
What do you have to do?
I take out the jade pendant.